1.
Question 1
You’ve built a new system for making loan approval decisions. For now, its output is not used in any decision making process, and a human loan officer is solely responsible for deciding what loans to approve. But the system’s output is logged for analysis. What is this type of deployment called?

0 / 1 point

X Blue green deployment


> Shadow mode deployment


x Red green deployment


X Canary deployment

Incorrect
Sorry, this isn't a type of deployment. You may be mixing it up with blue green deployment which diverts some or all of the system's traffic to the new ML system, which is used to make decisions. 

2.
Question 2
On a new social media platform, you’re rolling out a new anti-spam system to flag and hide spammy posts. Your team decides to roll out the anti-spam filter via a canary deployment, and roll it out to 1% of users initially. Which of these would you advocate?

0 / 1 point

> Monitor that 1% of users’ reaction, and either gradually ramp up (if it’s going well) or rollback (if not) 


X Use a plan to ramp up to more users at a fixed rate: 1% in the first week, 2% in second week, 4% in third, and so on, so that the rollout can be well planned and managed.


After a successful canary deployment, begin to implement a shadow mode deployment. 


Monitor that 1% of users’ reaction, and if it goes well, flip the switch to send all traffic (100%) to the system. 

Incorrect
While it's a great idea to ramp-up your canary deployment if it a success, this ramp up need not be scheduled at such a fixed rate. As well, in the case of an issue, you may consider a rollback too. 

3.
Question 3
You’re building a healthcare screening system, where you input a patient’s symptoms, and for the easy cases (such as an obvious case of the common cold) the system will give a recommendation directly, and for the harder cases it will pass the case on to a team of in-house doctors who will form their own diagnosis independently. What degree of automation are you implementing in this example for patient care? 

0 / 1 point

> Partial Automation


X Full Automation


X Human only  


Shadow mode 

Incorrect
Not really. Per application requirements, some cases should be handled by humans

4.
Question 4
You have built and deployed an anti-spam system that inputs an email and outputs either 0 or 1 based on whether the email is spam. Which of these will result in either concept drift or data drift?

1 / 1 point

> Spammers trying to change the wording used in emails to get around your spam filter.


Cloud computational costs going down, resulting in a lower cost to process each email received.


Updating a monitoring dashboard to keep track of new metrics.


None of these will result in either concept drift or data drift.

Correct
5.
Question 5
Which of these statements is a more accurate description of deployment?

1 / 1 point

Because deployment is a high stakes event, it is critical to design the right system, so that immediately after that critical moment of launch it will immediately work reliably and scalably for all users.


> It is an iterative process, where you should expect to adjust multiple things (such as metrics monitored using dashboards, and percentage of traffic served) to optimize toward a system that performs well.  

Correct