1.
Question 1
Which of these are stages of the machine learning project lifecycle? Check all that apply.

1 / 1 point

> Modeling

Correct
You're right! Modeling is the third stage of the machine learning project lifecycle.


Configuration


> Deployment

Correct
Correct! Deployment is the fourth stage of the machine learning project lifecycle.


> Scoping

Correct
That's right! Scoping is the first stage of the machine learning project lifecycle.


> Data

Correct
Right on! Data is the second stage of the machine learning project lifecycle.

2.
Question 2
Which of these is not an advantage of a typical edge deployment compared to a typical cloud deployment?

0 / 1 point

> More computational power available


 X Can function even if network connection is down


Lower latency


Less network bandwidth needed

Incorrect
Edge deployments do all of their processing on their own hardware and therefore don't require a network connection. 

3.
Question 3
In the speech recognition example, what is the problem with some labelers transcribing audio as “Um, today’s weather” and others transcribing “Umm..., today’s weather”?

0 / 1 point

The first is grammatically incorrect and we should use the second transcription.


The second is grammatically incorrect and we should use the first transcription. 


> Either transcription is okay, but the inconsistency is problematic.


X We should not be transcribing “Umm.” The correct transcription, which serves the user's needs better, is just “Today’s weather.

Incorrect
It's just as valid to include "Umm" at the start of the transcription. What's important is consistency! Make sure to provide enough labeling instructions to your raters such that there is only one way to transcribe each example. 

4.
Question 4
After a system is deployed, monitoring and maintaining the system will help us handle any cases of concept drift or data drift.

1 / 1 point

> True


False

Correct
That's right! The last step of the machine learning project lifecycle is monitoring and maintenance, which is necessary because your project's use cases and data may change over time!

5.
Question 5
Which statement is a more accurate description of the full cycle of a machine learning project?

1 / 1 point

It is a linear process, in which we move step-by-step from scoping to deployment. (That’s why we call it a cycle. Bicycles are only good at going forward, not backward.)


> It is an iterative process, where during a later stage we might go back to an earlier stage. (That’s why we call it a cycle - it’s a circular process.)

Correct
That's right! 